Hello. In this session we'll be walking through how to take an existing
Connect course and reuse it for your upcoming term. We'll take our Spring
2015 section here as an example where we want to reuse all of the assignments
that we used in the previous term. In order to make an exact copy of this course,
we'll come over here to the section options gear icon. Click that and select a
duplicate section. Rename the section appropriately and click
continue to new section. Once your section is created you'll be provided
with a new student registration information sheet which will contain your new
section web address for your students. Click continue to new section to see your
new section. Now I'm going to return back to my course home page.
and I'm going to add a blank section. To do that, you'll come to the course level and click the course options button and click add section.
Label the section appropriately and click save.
You will again get a new student registration information sheet with your new section URL.
You can continue to your new section but keep in mind this is a blank section because you created it from scratch.
Let's go back to my courses and talk about how you can take the assignments from your previous section and copy them into that new blank section.
So if I go into my original course here, I can select any and all assignments on the right hand side here,
come up to my assignment options menu and select copy I receive a pop explain the differences between sharing and copying
In this case, we'll want to copy.
I'll select my new blank section and click Copy.
Whether you duplicated in an existing section or copied assignments from a previous section,
you'll want to make sure you update your due dates to reflect the new date.
dates to reflect the new term. Let's switch sections and go to one of our new courses.
In order to update the due dates, simply select the assignments on the right-hand side.
Come up here to your assignment options menu and select manage dates.
On the first page, you can adjust the due dates for all selected assignments by clicking edit next to start and due.
You can also adjust due dates individually by clicking individually in the top right-hand corner here.
right hand corner here. Adjust the due dates appropriately and click save when
you're done. In addition to adjusting the due dates you'll also want to make
sure your registration dates line up with your new section. Click my courses to
return back to your course homepage. In this case I don't have any date set but
And if I need to adjust my dates, I'll come up here to my course options menu and select
set registration dates.
The first page will allow me to select a start and end date for all sections in that course,
or I can select specific sections if I'd like to stagger those out according to the section.
Click Apply when you're done.